listen so a lot of people have been
recommending this Netflix horror series
called the haunting of Hill House saying
it's the craziest thing out there it's
the most horrific series one of the best
series and the problem with you guys is
that you guys sent to overhype so many
things but not this one I freaking loved
it yeah some episodes do drag a bit and
considering that you know I grew up
getting hit with la chancla
I can't say it's a scariest thing I've
ever seen but I'd be lying if I didn't
tell you that episodes 5 & 6 are some of
the best episodes of the year that I
would give both of them works of art to
let me explain so originally the story
comes from Shirley Jackson's 1959 novel
about a group of people who stay
overnight at this house to investigate
the paranormal activities it was then
made into a movie in 1963 and a visual
effects test real in 1999 starring Owen
Wilson as a subject what we all need in
life what are the basics food water
shelter sex
I personally first heard of Hill House
and it's gut-wrenching story from what I
consider to be the best adaptation of it
scary movie 2 but the dull thing about
Mike Flanagan is that he's been creating
his own little universe of horror films
for the longest time right I think that
homie here is a real one because not
only does he always bring back his cast
and crew but he's always making sure
that he's trying to connect everything
into the same universe like if this dude
had a homeless man on one of the
previous sets I'm pretty sure he offered
him a room at Hill House to come but
obviously Jonny was smart enough to say
no
[Music]
so the show does take its liberties from
the book starting off with its two
little timelines you got the past
storyline where we see the family buy
this house for the summer in order to
fix it up and then flip it for cash and
then we have the present storyline where
well it turns out the house flips top
each episode takes the lost approach of
having it focus on one character or
moment and Flanagan confirmed how each
sibling is supposed to be one of the
stages of grief considering all of the
jacked-up stuff they dealt with while
growing up in that house and beyond that
mr. legit structured the entire show
knowing the psyche of us people who have
Netflix accounts that we tend to binge
three episodes at a time so he wrote the
story according to that genius episode
one starts off with Steve who a lot of
people think is the worst of the
siblings it's surely but the reason
people hate on Daario over here is
because he's always spitting some crazy
facts that people just don't have the
balls to hear most times they're just
what we wanted to see he could work on
his tone though he pretty much is the
Stephen King of this universe and he's
written all these amityville like books
that have made him famous but his
siblings hate the fact that he
appropriated what they believed in
growing up and he turned it into profit
even though he thinks it's all fake he's
like those atheist producers who learned
how much Christian films can make this
man embodies has denial so much that he
refuses to have children with his wife
he believes that the reason his mom
committed suicide when he was younger
was because of an illness and in order
to not pass that on dude gets a damn
vasectomy
[Music]
so the next episode is on Shirley who
embodies anger better than this guy
however when you grew up seeing jack
stuff like this can you really blame her
[Music]
it's oh she's the one who's most pissed
off at Stephen and thinks that she got
everyone to back away and not take his
money but they all took his money
including her husband and that's why
she's always tweaking right like she's
the PTA mom who pulls up angry at
McDonald's before she's even ordered her
McNuggets she's always bossing her
husband around as if she didn't have a
fling on the side that she's hiding so
it's no wonder that when she goes into
work she's surrounded by dead people
her equals messed up thing about it is
that in the first episode the youngest
sibling now actually goes back to the
house and she ends up being found dead
and because Shirley's the funeral
director she's the one who ends up
opening her own sister's body and that
same bug thing happens again so now we
get the third oldest of the three and if
y'all seen the movie hush you'll be
surprised that she actually speaks a lot
in this one why are you yelling at it
because the dumbwaiter is not a toy it
can be dangerous all you need to say
then but what's also crazy about it is
how all of these showrunners are married
to some of the most beautiful women in
the world right so all I can think about
is what are you directing your wife in a
scene like this to her
do you do you do you call cut super
quick or do you a Theo has the ability
to sense things with her hands so she's
wearing these dr. strange like gloves
all the time and even though she always
wanted to be a dancer and she just do
that here and their chance of growing up
to use those powers as a child
psychologist in fact at the end of
episode three it turns into the easiest
episode of To Catch a Predator because
all she needed to do was sit in a couch
and they Fogel that dude right out of
there real quick but of course with
great power comes a very sad ending to
every episode in the show
[Music]
now look and now are the twins who
shared the same room and I feel saw the
most jacked-up stuff like Luke would
have been the older one who loves
spending time in his treehouse he's
always seeing this random little girl
named Abigail who no one else really
believes is real he dresses up like an
adorable babadook looking kid and then
he grows up to be a drug addict again
this was his childhood
even though my man looks like Aaron
Rodgers the only thing he's touching
down on is his dignity since he always
has to beg his siblings for money he's
got a recovering friend who just keeps
chipping him off and worst of all this
guy still sees more ghosts and Luigi as
an adult Episode five is a damn work of
art let me explain episode five takes
you back to how now the youngest of the
bunch was always seeing this ghost known
as the bent neck lady like this thing
has been popping out over and over for
every episode I'm over here thinking
that this was gonna be like the Daniel's
of the house that they were gonna have
to fight in the after credits and hot
damn was it worse than that growing up
her mom would promise her a specific
necklace that she would get when she was
older in order to calm her down from all
the things that she was seeing right
girl was always getting pushed to the
side when she just wanted a tea party
her twin brothers inviting a random
chick named Abigail to spend the night
and we don't even know if she's real but
there's even a scene where now just
disappears from plain sight in front of
everybody looking like those prank
videos on YouTube so of course years
later she gets therapy do you drink
coffee yeah I are you asking me if I
want to get coffee it's for the health
history section in your file oh I'm
sorry
don't be no I really miss Rome planning
on waiting into the end of your visit to
ask you out for coffee
the little montage they give Noah Nora's
soon-to-be husband I thought was
freaking adorable but I should have
known better than to get invested in it
it's just though most husbands don't
want to help their wives do the dishes
this man was helping his woman fight off
demons psychologically and she he did of
course they didn't say that he had an
aneurysm and that's what killed him but
all of us with the Netflix account know
exactly what we saw and now now is worse
than ever since the bet neck lady is
still hanging around haunting her and
you would think that the rest of the
family would be there for her and at
least pick up the phone
No she goes to the house and the ghosts
of her family welcome her to this creepy
ceremony where she finally sees her man
again and man y'all demons really do
this girl bogus they let her have her
little cap and Peggy dance only to end
up hanging yourself after she thinks
she's putting on the necklace her mom
promised her as a little girl when it's
really the noose she falls down and
brought she's the bed neck lady
[Music]
so after completely blowing my mind with
that interdimensional demonology the
showrunners were like now we're gonna
hit you with another banger of an
episode this entire episode takes place
in between a funeral home and a
flashback scene during a storm but the
crazy part of it is how it split into
these insane long one takes I don't know
how many of you have seen that
behind-the-scenes snippet for the mr.
Rogers Jim Carrey show but I have a
complete and utter sucker when it comes
to long choreographed scenes like these
and in episode 6 they would twirl the
camera around and somehow replace the
body that was inside the coffin they
would enter in a character and by the
time it moved around the entire cast get
swapped out for their younger selves
before going back and bringing the
originals back in there's even a
transition that goes from the older dead
going to the bathroom and getting so
lost he finds his younger self in a
flashback it's wild
it's funny now he was always trying to
get all of us together so much should
have told her she shouldn't have to try
this time okay y'all colder than the
halls in your house
[Music]
so let me take a quick second to
acknowledge some of the easter eggs in
this bad boy because there are certain
points where they bring some of the
original actors from the first movie in
here to make a little cameo they slipped
in an et easter egg since Henry Thomas
plays a flashback daddy Flanagan even
sneaks in a couple of magis to his other
previous films which i think is always
pretty cool for directors to do but
hands-down the best ones the ones that
make you feel like a kid again with
those iSpy books are all of the hidden
ghosts in the background of each episode
[Music]
so in Episode seven and nine is when we
get a little fleshing out of the parents
right we start off with the dad as we
learned that he pretty much became Bob
the Builder that summer as he was trying
to fix the house he gets acquainted with
the Dudley's who had been the caretakers
of this property but even though they
know not to be there at night since you
know the wife used to live there and she
had nightmares that were so bad they had
a cause of miscarriage they're always
coming in to try to warn them right like
mr. Dudley done declared deliriously
that this dwelling was demented but he
was just like nah we're good until his
wife pulls the MAL from inception we
don't get to know a bit about the mom in
Episode nine played by the glorious
Carla cugino who I'm not saying that my
spike is nostalgia is getting the best
of me but like have y'all seen her in
Gerald's game my woman still got it
Carla is like a fine wine she's the
image that pops up when you search up
the word woman in the dictionary she is
one of the few actors who looks better
than her younger version in the movie
Watchmen Carla is what I assume Eve
would have looked like back in the day
she does also lose her mind in this one
though throughout the series she's
suffering from these migraines
everything keeps running in circles for
her she keeps walking past this Mario
dude who's not even living but what
starts being her breaking point is when
she starts having these dreams where
she's interacting with the previous
homeowner whose kids died as well she
starts getting worried that the outside
world is gonna hurt her kids when they
get older so you know she decides to not
let them get older she gives me another
reason besides Alice on why I'll never
attend a tea party and she fills up
these cups with rat poison and gives it
to them right before the dad comes in
and stops them
turns out that Abigail Israel and she's
a Dudley's kid who they just like Harry
Potter Dawei and in what I think is the
second saddest seen in the show the
couple realizes that as long as the
houses around they'll still be able to
see their ghost daughter who's gonna
reside in it so they make mr. Crain
promise that he'll never sell it or
demolish it and since he's holding on to
his dead wife as well he's like word not
now I can explain let me in the
president they're all scrambling around
after Nels funeral because Luke headed
off to the house in hopes of burning it
but we all know what's going to consume
him these sisters finally hash out their
problems by punching each other in the
boob which you know always good comedic
relief until Roy if this happens to me I
don't give a damn how much my mortgages
I'm booking an Airbnb for a week the
boys then go to the house to stop Luke
and even though they specifically told
the girls to stay put they decide to hop
in a car and bicker all the web
[Applause]
[Music]
Sharyl what more proof do you need so by
the end of it they all end up back at
the house for what's like the biggest
intervention ever in this red room with
their dead sisters ghost turns out that
this red room is like the stomach of the
house you know the titles were clearly
emphasizing how the entire home is like
a labyrinth that shifts over and over
there's even a point where throughout
the entire series the mom has been
working on these blueprints and
unbeknownst to her they're actually
blueprints of the house she's living in
so this place has full control that
means that this red room was changing
for each family member so it was the
reading room for the mom the game room
for Steve family room for Shirley dance
studio for DeLand the play room for now
each one had a red door in this super
long vertical window as an easter egg
kind of just showing you how it became
like a Rorschach for them this thing was
like an NSA wiretapping into their
emotions and fears a ghost can be a lot
of things a memory a daydream a secret
grief anger guilt in my experience most
times they're just what we want to see
and it's with the revelation of that
that you start realizing that the house
was kind of embodying them in a sense
that they were the key to that red room
and how maybe if you want to look at it
that way all of the ghosts were internal
stuff it's like in episode 3 with the
mr. smiley ghost you know it wasn't an
actual ghoul that was coming after the
little girl but a pervert who was an
even scarier monster than that showing
us that all of our internal demons are
sometimes the most terrifying things
damn yeah that was the hold up let me I
need the right music I would say that
the scariest part of Hill House is the
family dynamic how every house literally
shifts as the family grows older how
every member plays a part of the body
and without one the whole thing can go
limp and affect the rest and in the case
of Hill House at the end it ends up
being their place of refuge the place
that's looking after them a place where
the dead don't go away believe on and a
place that helps to move on from their
troubles so they can truly live happily
ever after except wasn't it that damn
house that caused all those troubles to
begin with I think you guys for checking
out this video I'm here to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section I know y'all have been asking
for this some of y'all don't even know
how to ask what's up y'all demanded
y'all be tweeting me DM and me telling
me to listen up to do that you know what
hopefully the 20 minutes were worth it I
really wanted to make sure this one was
jam-packed with a bunch of info and
stuff because I really liked the show I
thought it was a very good orchestrated
show I have rewatched it twice already
three times with a couple of certain
episodes 5 & 6 because I think those are
masterpieces but I'm curious to know
other things that you guys are catching
because the beauty of it I love watching
something and knowing that there's still
things that probably aren't gonna be
discovered too like years later so I
think it's one of the most crap
well-crafted things on Netflix I'm
curious to see what he's gonna do with
the shining sequel and I'm skew soon are
you guys thoughts about it don't forget
to comment like and subscribe and you'll
win a free trip to stay at rose red